setGridField: undo column name truncation (#14492)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_4_25.md

#### Scripts

##### SetGridField

> - Column names are no longer truncated after 255 chars (added on very recent v1.4.24)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add back support for column names with more than 255 chars (support was removed in v1.4.24).
```
